Changes to make and bugs to fix:
Note: Tasks are ordered from least complex to most complex for an AI agent.
Guideline: As you complete tasks, immediately update their checkbox from [ ] to [x] so teammates can see the latest status.
—
[ ] = Not done
[x] = Done
—
[x] - Put in the agents.md documentation that the "currently selected color pallet" is the currently selected color pallet in the codex, and that each color pallet has a gradient that will dictate the color for many different things in the game.
[x] - Achievements say both "UNLOCKED " and "REWARD," delete the unlocked line and just have the reward line.
[x] - Remove the title of each spire (the text that shows up at the top). For example, remove "Shin Spire — Fractal Complexity" from the top of the Shin spire.
[x] - In the Shin spire, delete the Gosper curve fractal.
[x] - The icon for the tower tab should be a lowercase alpha, it's an uppercase alpha. Also each tower should have the uppercase Greek letter and the lowercase green letter in its title, currently it just has the uppercase.
[ ] - Move the mote gem inventory from the bottom of the aleph spire tab to the top of the equipment menu in the tower tab. Call it the "Gem collection" instead of the "Mote gem inventory." Remove the text "Every collected gem resonates below so crafting blueprints can reference their current stock."
[ ] - Glyphs for all six of the spires should be counted at the top of the towers tab, currently only the Aleph and Bet glyphs are there. Just like with the Aleph Glyph, the total number should be listed and right below it how many are unallocated. The text above just should say "Aleph Glyphs:" Not "Aleph Glyph Total," change that format for all the six glyph types.
[ ] - Put the "Tower tree map" and "Equipment" buttons below the Variables and Upgrade Matrix buttons. Rename Tower tree map to just "Tree", and Upgrade matrix to just "Matrix".
[ ] - On desktop, the levels in the playing field are rotated 90 degrees counter clockwise to fit the landscape screen, but the level previews are not rotated and so they don't "fit" inside the landscape level preview.
[ ] - When the "delete player data" button is pressed, all player data should be deleted EXCEPT for whether or not the developer mode box is checked. If it was checked, keep it checked after page refresh. If it was unchecked, keep it unchecked.
[ ] - The Beta spire is not unlocked when developer mode is active. Lamed through Kuf spires are accessible, they should be locked and their buttons not visible before they are unlocked. Let's change the unlock requirement to obtaining 10 glyphs in the previous spire.
[ ] - The menu that appears in the top right of each spire tab that shows all the spire symbols and bank counts, let's make it so that menu on mobile is off the screen to the right and is brought in by clicking a small square button that is floating in the top right of the screen (regardless of whether the player scrolls up or down in a player tab). Put a small button at the bottom of the vertical menu that is an "X" which makes the menu hide off the screen to the right.
[ ] - Although hitting space drops a Mote in the Aleph Spire, clicking on the Aleph Spire render does not. Clicking on the Bet spire and hitting space do nothing, it should drop a drop.
[ ] - The player cannot scroll down when using the game in PC instead of mobile in the codex tab when the mouse is over the codex tab, it has to be on the sides of the screen. The player should be able to use the mouse wheel to scroll down or click and drag to scroll.
[ ] - The Aleph spire's motes' length (and height since they are a square) should be 1/100th of the render's width, but they are huge and about 20 of them would reach across the spire render width.
[ ] - Remove the wall sprites for the aleph and Bet spires, just put a solid block of color as the wall, the sprites will be added in later, right now we just need to focus on getting the mechanics to work. The bet spire isn't scaling up properly, the "water" needs to scale up with the render. A drop of size "1" should be 1/100th of the bet spire render's width, so the volume of the water and the size of the drops should scale to whatever the render's scale is and be based on that, so that different size screens won't have advantages/disadvantages over each other.
[ ] - Let's make compact basin autosave the ONLY save function, delete the other save functions for the aleph spire and remove the compact basin autosave button.
[ ] - Add textboxes in developer mode to change the bank and drop rate for the Lamed and Tsadi spires.
[ ] - In the Shin spire, fractals have text and a box above them that should be right below them and below the Layer progress bar. For example, the text and box for the tree fractal in the Shin spire says "Tree Fractal A binary branching pattern inspired by natural growth. Iterons Allocated 28.4 K Layers Completed 9 / 9". This should all be below the "Layer progress" box with the progress bar. Change this for all fractals.
[ ] - In the Shin spire, clicking on fractals should add one Iteron to the fractal.
[ ] - When leaving and coming back to the Tsadi spire, all the particles appear in the top right corner on top of each other, causing them to merge and also shoot out at high speed. When coming back to the Tsadi spire, the particles should appear randomly around the render and not on top of each other.
[ ] - In the Tsadi spire, make it so the repelling force and attracting force affects particles which are within 3 times the radius, so if a particle's radius is "1," particles will be affected if they are within "3."
[ ] - In the Tsadi spire, make it so particles appear with a flash and wave effect. Make it so the letters in the particles are white with a thin black outline for visibility.
[ ] - In the lamed spire, make the center celestial body glow from the start, but have its glow increase from 100% (what it starts out as) to 200% (simply put, twice as big) as it gets closer to the next milestone.
[ ] - In the Lamed spire, the orbiting stars' size should be determined by the ratio of their mass to the center celestial body mass. If their mass is 1/50th the mass of the main celestial body, then their size should be 1/50th of the main celestial body. Also make their trails have the color gradient of the currently selected color pallet.
[ ] - The Lamed spire does not have an upgrade to increase the mass of the orbiting stars the player places using sparks. Make the initial drag coefficient 0.01 and make it so the drag coefficient increases it by 0.01 each level. The stars placed should be randomly placed anywhere between the edge of the center celestial body and the edge of the simulation. Same with the particles that appear. On high graphics there should be about 20 times more particles that appear, on low graphics the current amount of particles should be randomly appearing. The particles should have the gradient of the currently selected color pallet.
[ ] - In the Shin spire, the player should be able to pan around each fractal by clicking and dragging and zoom in as well as zoom out. The player should be able to do this on mobile or on desktop with a mouse.
[ ] - In the Shin spire, make it so the points in the Brownian forest fractal have glowing lines connecting them. Make it so the Voronoi glass fractal has multiple voronoi glass fractal circles on top of each other, all transparent at 10% opacity, the first one being different shades of white, grey, and black, and each one after that being the different shades of each color the the rainbow, and then the last one prismatic with all sorts of shades and colors (so a total of 9). These will be the 9 layers. Have the first one (white, grey, and black) be go until 9, the second one (red) go until 27, the third one (orange) go until 81, and so one with each layer being multiplied by 3, so each voronoi fractal gets more complex than the previous layer. The hope is that all of them layered on top of each other will create a unique, beautiful effect.
[ ] - The upgrade buttons in the Lamed Spire and the Tsadi spire aren't beautiful, make them beautiful and match the gradient of the selected color palette. Take inspiration from the Kuf spire buttons.
[ ] - MAJOR CHANGES FOR THE KUF SPIRE: The Kuf spire should have the simulation at the top of the kuf spire tab page. Below the simulation let's have the "Shard ledger" box. Below that let's have a "Shard Codex" that first shares the statistics of the players units (count and then all their stats) and the statistics of all the enemy units the player has encountered (highest number killed and base stats for each unit). Lets condense the "Unit deployment" box and the "Marine calibration" box into the simulation box. When the player is not running the simulation, they should see a menu with "Start simulation" being a button in the top middle, then below that a list of every unit that the player can deploy. There should be the plus and minus buttons to allocate shards to increase the unit count (right under this is the cost of each unit in shards, and a total number spent in parentheses) and a button for upgrades to the right of that (below which is the number of shards allocated into upgrades for that unit). When the player clicks the upgrade button, a dropdown menu should appear under that unit listing with all the upgrade options with plus and minus buttons. The player can click and hold to quickly allocate shards, the button spams after being held for 1 second to avoid accidental presses. Only one dropdown menu can be opened at a time, opening another closes it. Add these guidelines to a Kuf spire agent.md documentation and implement these changes.
[x] - Add a JSON or document that holds the field notes and pages, so they can quickly be edited by developers. Delete the field notes that are images, instead, put the field_notes_page image files as transparent backgrounds (let's try 10% opacity) to each corresponding field note, so field_notes_page_1.png will be the background for the first page image.
